Adds Node.js documentation for code level metrics (#11164)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/nodejs-agent/installation-configuration/codestream-integration.mdx

---
title: New Relic CodeStream integration for Node.js
tags:
  - Agents
  - Nodejs agent
  - Configuration
metaDescription: The Node.js agent can be integrated with New Relic CodeStream to provide code level metrics.
---

> Display context-sensitive APM data directly in your IDE by integrating [New Relic CodeStream](/docs/codestream/how-use-codestream/performance-monitoring#code-level) with the Node.js agent. Visualize code-level production telemetry in your editor as your write and review code with this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display context-sensitive APM data directly in your IDE by integrating [New Relic CodeStream](/docs/codestream/how-use-codestream/performance-monitoring#code-level) with the Node.js agent. This integration visualizes code-level production telemetry in your editor as your write and review code.
```

## Get started [#get-started]

> First, [install](/docs/codestream/start-here/install-codestream) the New Relic CodeStream extension into your supported IDE of choice, and log in.

Reviewer: Just to confirm, they're logging in _before_ they install, not _after_?

Author: frankly this is copy/pasted from an already approved doc for the .net agent https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/agents/net-agent/other-features/net-codestream-integration/

<Callout variant="important">
  The New Relic CodeStream integration is available in [Node.js agent version 9.7.5 and higher](/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/net-release-notes) and is disabled by default. To change this configuration, check out our [documentation](/docs/apm/agents/nodejs-agent/installation-configuration/nodejs-agent-configuration#code_level_metrics).
</Callout>

## Agent attributes [#attributes]

> The Node.js agent reports and attaches the following attributes to most spans produced by [web frameworks](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/agents/nodejs-agent/getting-started/compatibility-requirements-nodejs-agent/#support) in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Node.js agent reports and attaches the following attributes to most spans produced by [web frameworks](/docs/apm/agents/nodejs-agent/getting-started/compatibility-requirements-nodejs-agent#support) in your application.
```

<Callout variant="important">

>   In some cases, the agent will directly wrap base framework code that is invoked within your application and will not display within your IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In some cases, the agent will directly wrap base framework code that's invoked within your application and won't display within your IDE.
```

It's not clear what won't display within my IDE - is it "the agent won't display" or "the framework code won't display" within your IDE?

Author: base framework code. But this was just copied from the same doc i referenced above https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/agents/net-agent/other-features/net-codestream-integration/
